## Things I want to know more about

### What is a Component?
* A component is a modular, portable, replaceable, and reusable set of well-defined functionality that encapsulates its implementation and exporting it as a higher-level interface.


### What are the Charactistics of a component ?

1. Reusability − Components are usually designed to be reused in different situations in different applications. However, some components may be designed for a specific task.

2. Replaceable − Components may be freely substituted with other similar components.

3. Not context specific − Components are designed to operate in different environments and contexts.

4. Extensible − A component can be extended from existing components to provide new behavior.

5. Encapsulated − A A component depicts the interfaces, which allow the caller to use its functionality, and do not expose details of the internal processes or any internal variables or state.

6. Independent − Components are designed to have minimal dependencies on other components.



### What are the advantages of using component based architecture ?

1. Ease of deployment 

2. Reduced cost 

3. Ease of development 

4. Reusable 

5. Modification of technical complexity 

6. Reliability

7. System maintenance and evolution 

8. Independent 


### What is props short for?
“Props” is a special keyword in React, which stands for properties and is being used for passing data from one component to another.

### How are props used in React?
1. Firstly, define an attribute and its value(data)
2. Then pass it to child component(s) by using Props
3. Finally, render the Props Data



### What is the flow of props?
 data with props are being passed in a uni-directional flow. (one way from parent to child)





