# JavaScript Call Stack

* a call stack is a data structure that uses the Last In, First Out (LIFO) principle to temporarily store and manage function invocation (call).

* The call stack is primarily used for function invocation (call).Since the call stack is single, function(s) execution, is done, one at a time, from top to bottom. It means the call stack is synchronous.


* ## when the code is run:

1. When secondFunction() gets executed, an empty stack frame is created. It is the main (anonymous) entry point of the program.
2. secondFunction() then calls firstFunction()which is pushed into the stack.
3. firstFunction() returns and prints “Hello from firstFunction” to the console.
4. firstFunction() is pop off the stack.
5. The execution order then move to secondFunction().
6. secondFunction() returns and print “The end from secondFunction” to the console.
7. secondFunction() is pop off the stack, clearing the memory.


## What causes a stack overflow?
* A stack overflow occurs when there is a recursive function (a function that calls itself) without an exit point. The browser (hosting environment) has a maximum stack call that it can accomodate before throwing a stack error.



## Summary Of Call Stack :
1. It is single-threaded. Meaning it can only do one thing at a time.
2. Code execution is synchronous.
3. A function invocation creates a stack frame that occupies a temporary memory.
4. It works as a LIFO — Last In, First Out data structure.

> We have used the call stack article to lay the foundation for a series we will be looking at on Asynchronous JavaScript (which we will be looking at in another article).

--------------------------------

# Types of error messages : 

1. Reference errors
This is as simple as when you try to use a variable that is not yet declared you get this type os errors.
> console.log(foo) // Uncaught ReferenceError: foo is not defined


2. Syntax errors
 this occurs when you have something that cannot be parsed in terms of syntax, like when you try to parse an invalid object using JSON.parse.
> JSON.parse( {'foo': 'bar'} ) // Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token o in JSON at position 1

3. Range errors
Try to manipulate an object with some kind of length and give it an invalid length and this kind of errors will show up.
> var foo= [] 
> foo.length = foo.length -1 // Uncaught RangeError: Invalid array length


4. Type errors
Like the name indicates, this types of errors show up when the types (number, string and so on) you are trying to use or access are incompatible, like accessing a property in an undefined type of variable.
>var foo = {}
>foo.bar // undefined
>foo.bar.baz // Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'baz' of undefined